[plugin-web-app-to-rest-api] Publish response body for failed resource checks (#5104)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-rest-api.adoc

* if the GET status code is `200` then check is considered as `passed`, otherwise `failed`
* if the target URL has already been checked then the check is considered as `skipped`

> NOTE: Use `resource-checker.show-body` property to show response body for unexpected responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: To attach the HTTP response body for HTTP calls with non-successful status codes, use the `resource-checker.publish-response-body` property.
```
